who says there's rules for the grill
tonight we're putting two things to the
heat heats up and some crawfish tails to
make a spicy crawfish pizza to get
started we're gonna get working on our
sauce we can do that right here on the
grill you can start by putting that pan
directly onto the grill burner right
over the heating element and make sure
it's on a nice hot heat we're gonna add
some butter and let that melt up once
the butter is good and melted we can add
our first ingredient to the sauce which
is going to be some chopped up garlic
about three to four cloves depending on
the size of them right into the butter
I'll let that sit for a little bit we
want to get the garlic too well roast a
little bit Brown up a little bit I
absolutely love pizza on the grill it
gives that nice smoky outdoor tastier
pizza that you just can't achieve in a
brick oven in a conventional oven the
only way to do it is on the grill right
our garlic is browning up very nicely on
top of this we're going to add in some
of our peppers small dice of red pepper
but half of a jalapeno freshly chopped
green onions will stir that up for the
wooden spoon because I'll cut it in the
butter but it I'll roast a little bit
and because we live in crawfish we need
a little bit of that Creole seasonings
we're gonna add in cream cheese to give
us a creamy element we chopped up a one
package of it we're gonna let that all
kind of melt together you want to stir
this around for a little bit seeing you
that cream cheese melted I mean keep
stirring and lower the heat as it melts
you know what the cream cheese to
bernies want it to melt and incorporate
with the peppers and the flavors of the
sauce that we're putting together right
now we're going to set this on a burner
without the directory so it still stays
warm but there's an over cook itself and
now we're gonna get going on the crust
for the pizza when you don't a pizza on
the grill the key to success is olive
oil and lots of an olive oil is going to
keep the pizza from sticking onto the
grill so we're talking lots of olive oil
get in there and literally brush this
entire thing don't you see that little
bit you got to really get it in there
and flip it to the other side too you
can get a pre-made pizza crust at
basically any grocery store you can make
your own crust if that's your thing but
a lot of times if I do this a premade
crust works just fine I can always pick
one up from your local pizza shop be
more than happy usually sell you some
fresh dough
crest is loaded with olive oil here we
go just like let it sit because we've
got to get all the bottom of this crust
nice and crispy before it's going to be
coming off of the grill everybody's
gonna have a big sticky pizza so let me
sit like this about two to three minutes
then we can take it up and flip it over
and get the other side I'll cook and
then add our topics all right the crust
is cooked and off the burner time to add
the toppings on and then put it back
into the oven off of the direct teeth
let all the ingredients kind of meld
together and get their crawfish cook on
the pizza make sure you get it off the
direct teeth shut the cover let it sit
about 15 minutes be good to go top it
off with some shredded Parmesan cheese
and some sliced green onions on top for
a little bit color and there you go our
grilled crawfish pizza check it out I'm
Tony brewski thanks for watching